Meeting was 10/10/2023 at 10 AM

Attended:
everyone 
(4/4)

Topics:
•What've we done from the past meeting.
•Possible implementations in the future.
•User's output.
•Next our steps?

Decisions:
•Use spaCy

What we agreed on?
•Everyone's homework

Homework:
•Prepare (non-)functional requirements  -  Severyn (Today)
•Make LaTeX report draft 1 -  Renaldas (Until Wednesday 10PM)
•Working on code - Joris 
•Making UML and ER diagrams - Oleksii 

Material meetings:
•https://git.mif.vu.lt/rena9048/pullout
•https://track.toggl.com/timer
•https://docs.google.com/document/d/15CoD0h3OXyaZdbXqtpknYM8uIJ2c3-Fqab2k_rp4rJI/edit

Next meeting:
•10/11/2023 12AM (Wednesday)
•3nd floor
