Meeting was 10/16/2023 at 16 PM

Attended:
everyone 
(4/4)

Topics:
•What've we done from the past meeting.
•Possible implementations in the future (Ansible scripts).
•Migrating into Python language
•Presentation topics
•Next our steps?

Decisions:
•Changing main project to language to Python

What we agreed on?
•Change language from java to python
•To use Ansible scripts in the future
•To use topics from the draft report and add more untouched topics in the presentation

Homework:
•Make skeleton of presentation - Oleksii 
•Make ER diagram - Oleksii 

Material meetings:
•https://git.mif.vu.lt/rena9048/pullout
•https://www.overleaf.com/project/652797e89497fcdf684f9f14

Next meeting:
•10/18/2023 12AM (Wednesday)
•3nd floor
