Meeting was 10/18/2023 at 12 PM

Attended:
Oleksii, Renaldas & Severyn 
(3/4)

Topics:
•Overviewing presentation made by Oleksii
•Next our steps?

Decisions:
•Upgrade presentation

What we agreed on?
•Upgrades of presentation

Homework:
•Upgrade presentation also add more information from report draft and 1st presentation and send it - Oleksii  (until 11PM)
•Learn Bash Script - Severyn 
•Comment closed issues - everyone
•Make Readme file in assets - Severyn 


Material meetings:
•https://git.mif.vu.lt/rena9048/pullout
•https://www.overleaf.com/project/652797e89497fcdf684f9f14

Next meeting:
•10/19/2023 2PM (Thursday)
•3nd floor
