Meeting was 10/19/2023 at 12 PM

Attended:
Everyone 
(4/4)

Topics:
•Overviewing presentation presented by Oleksii on practice session 
•Questions we got
•Recommendations we got
•Weekly reports
•Next our steps?

Decisions:
•List of reviewers and presenters for next presentations

What we agreed on?
•To use hashes on duplicating pictures
•To use [configuration] for grouping all data of entities as user wants to
•Who's presenter or reviewer for next presentations ("welcome" text channel)
•To use (and make) issues for every bullet point in weekly reports

Homework:
•Research more about CardDav - everyone
•Figuring out how to send image to DB - everyone 
•Learn Bash Script -  Severyn 
•Research more about large language models - Renaldas 
•Plan meeting with supervisor - Oleksii 
•Finnish settuping DB - Oleksii 
•Cropping image settuping - Joris 


Material meetings:
•https://git.mif.vu.lt/rena9048/pullout
•https://www.overleaf.com/project/652797e89497fcdf684f9f14

Next meeting:
•10/21/2023 7PM (Saturday)
•Online (Discord)

