Meeting was 10/21/2023 at 9 PM

Attended:
Everyone 
(4/4)

Topics: 
•What've we done from the past meeting.
•Meeting with our supervisor
•Next our steps?

Decisions:
•none

What we agreed on?
•Waiting for supervisor's answer

Homework:
•Research more about CardDav - Oleksii 
•Figuring out how to send image to DB - everyone 
•Learn Bash Script -  Severyn 
•Research more about large language models - Renaldas  
•Ask our supervisor for a meeting - Oleksii  
•Finnish settuping DB - Oleksii 


Material meetings:
•https://git.mif.vu.lt/rena9048/pullout

Next meeting:
•10/27/2023 12AM (Wednesday)
•With our supervisor (at his univeristy room)
