Meeting was 10/29/2023 at 8PM

Attended:
Everyone 
(4/4)

Topics: 
•What've we done from the past meeting.
•Unit tests.
•Meeting with our supervisor
•Next our steps?

Decisions:
•none

What we agreed on?
•Waiting for supervisor's answer

Homework: 
•Figuring out how to send image to DB - everyone 
•Make bash script program for the project - Severyn 
•Prepare list of questions and be ready to take notes at meeting with supervisor - Severyn
•Make it clear are we meeting with supervisor - Oleksii 

Material meetings:
•https://git.mif.vu.lt/rena9048/pullout

Next meeting:
•10/31/2023 10:15 (Tuesday)
•With our supervisor (at his university room)
