Meeting was 11/03/2023 at 11:30AM

Attended:
Everyone 
(4/4)

Topics: 
•What've we done from the past meeting.
•Team management, deadlines and fines for delaying work deadlines
•Project issues
•Next our steps?

Decisions:
•Make more issues.

What we agreed on?
•To make fines for delayed work (3Eur for each team member for delayed week report, everyone are planning his deadlines and fines)
•To update issues, and plan a meetings between ourselves, to work through some issues.

Homework: 
•Figuring out how to send image to DB - everyone 
•Upgrade bash script program for the project - Severyn (until sunday)
•Make possibly connect to DB - Oleksii (until sunday)
•Upgrade image processing class (remove text artifacts, improve reliability) - Joris (until monday)
•Skeleton presentation and scanning of company name - Renaldas (until monday)


Material meetings:
•https://git.mif.vu.lt/rena9048/pullout

Next meeting:
•11/06/2023 11:30 AM (Monday)
•online (Discord)
