Meeting was 11/06/2023 at 11:30AM

Attended:
Everyone 
(4/4)

Topics: 
•What've we done from the past meeting.
•How team deadlines impact on us.
•Overviewing presentation skeleton.

Decisions:
•none

What we agreed on?
•To make our tasks on time

Homework: 
•Figuring out how to send image to DB - Joris and Renaldas
•Make python script - Severyn (until Thursday)
•Finish tests for DB - Oleksii
•Upgrade image processing class (remove text artifacts, improve reliability) - Joris (until today)
•Make project report - Renaldas (until Wednesday)


Material meetings:
•https://git.mif.vu.lt/rena9048/pullout

Next meeting:
•11/08/2023 12 AM (Wednesday)
•online (Discord) 
