Meeting was 11/08/2023 at 10:00AM

Attended:
Everyone 
(4/4)

Topics: 
•What've we done from the past meeting.
•ID for image processing to make every data unique.
•Overall code review.
•Project improvings.
•Overviewing presentation made by Renaldas.

What we agreed on?
•To write number of issue in commit message.

Homework: 
•Figuring out how to send image to DB - Joris and Renaldas
•Make python script - Severyn (until Thursday)
•Finish tests for DB - Oleksii

Material meetings:
•none

Next meeting:
•11/09/2023 12 AM (Thursday)