Meeting was 11/13/2023 at 8PM

Attended:
Everyone 
(4/4)

Topics: 
•What've we done from the past meeting.
•Virtualization's project
•Oleksii's merging requests

What we agreed on?
•To make a meeting at the end of November, on which we'll buy things what we owe.

Homework: 
•Figuring out how to send image to DB - Joris and Renaldas
•Test python script - Severyn 
•Finish tests for DB - Oleksii
•Make slides about examples of project's input and output - Oleksii

Material meetings:
•none

Next meeting:
•11/15/2023 7 PM (Wednesday)