Meeting was 11/15/2023 at 7PM

Attended:
Everyone 
(4/4)

Topics: 
•Installing pipx
•Tommorrow's project's presentation
•CardDav servers

What we agreed on?
•To go to SE practices one by one.

Homework: 
•Compress images - Severyn
•Make a presentation of explaining how to run our project - Oleksii

Material meetings:
•none

Next meeting:
•11/16/2023 12 AM (Thursday)