Meeting was 11/20/2023 at 1PM

Attended:
Everyone 
(4/4)

Topics: 
•What've we done from the past meeting.
•Improving picture scanning.
•Finishing DB.

What we agreed on?
•to get back facilitator's role to Oleksii

Homework: 
•Add more pictures
•Make more clear client side codes.
•Search and work for upgrading the project
•Write report until Thursday

Material meetings:
•none