18th of September.
Topic of meeting #3: 
Milestones, GitLab Issues, Plan to take 1 milestone 

Meeting roles: 
Facilitator - Oleksii
Recorder - Severyn
Presenter - Renaldas
Timekeeper - Joris

What we decided on the meeting:
We'll use VS code
Milestones:
•Kickstart
•Make a project skeleton
•Successfully use tesaract
•Define text objects
•Put everything into Data Base
•Make an user friendly experience
•Release

Homework until tomorrow: 
Have ideas for student's project contract

Homework until end of the week (Thursday):
Setup Gitlab Issues
Meeting was 09/18/2023 at 12 AM
Attended:
Severyn, Renaldas, Oleksii;

Did not attended:
Joris


Next meeting is planned to be tomorrow at 7 PM