Meeting was 09/26/2023 at 2:00 PM

Attended:
everyone 
(4/4)

Topics:
•Preparing for the meeting with our supervisor

Decisions:
•Meet our supervisor on Wednesday at 3 PM

What we agreed on?
•Few additional questions (check Discord "general" text channel)

Homework:
•Make more templates - Severyn 
(until Wednesday)
•Make Weekly report - Oleksii  (until Thursday)
•Upload 10-15 most important things to remember - Renaldas  (until Thursday)
•Researching tessreact and leptonica - Joris  (until Thursday)

Material meetings:
•https://git.mif.vu.lt/rena9048/pullout
•https://track.toggl.com/timer

Next meeting: 
•09/27/2023 12AM (Wednesday) 
•at Linas Bukauskas's office
•with supervisor

