Meeting was 09/29/2023 at 12 AM

Attended:
everyone 
(4/4)

Topics:
Presentation planning
Analysing meeting with supervisor L. Bukauskas
Implementation plan
Road map
Finishing 1st milestone
Next our steps?

Decisions:
•Prepare presentation's part for next meeting

What we agreed on?
•Presentation's work will be seperated into 4 parts. Everyone got his own part of the presentations: 
	-Idea and vision of the project - Severyn 
	-Results of the analysis - Oleksii 
	-Possible problems - Joris 
	-Meeting with a client or supervisor - Renaldas
•To make a program for "walking skeleton".
•Check and upgrade milestones

Homework:
•Prepare ideas (also you can prepare slides) of presentation for next meeting - everyone (until Tuesday)
•Download tesseract and try to use it -  Severyn & Oleksii
•Make Weekly report - Oleksii  (until Thursday)
•Upgrade Issue Templates - Severyn (until Monday)
•Researching tessreact and leptonica - Joris  (until Thursday)
•Put meeting notes to the gitlab Meetings folder - Severyn (until Sunday)


Material meetings:
•https://git.mif.vu.lt/rena9048/pullout
•https://track.toggl.com/timer
•https://docs.google.com/document/d/15CoD0h3OXyaZdbXqtpknYM8uIJ2c3-Fqab2k_rp4rJI/edit

Next meeting:
•10/02/2023 1:30PM (Tuesday)
•3nd floor
