Meeting was 10/03/2023 at 6 PM {online}

Attended:Store data in DB
•Store data in DB

everyone 
(4/4)

Topics:
Presentation planning.
Presenting each part and slide of presentation for whole team.

Decisions:
•Send presentation slides to the vma

What we agreed on?
•Store data locally or have an option to push to a central data base
•Prepared information for the presentation

Homework:
•Think for any changes of slides' information - everyone (until Wednesday)
•Download tesseract and try to use it -  Severyn  & Oleksii 

Material meetings:
•https://git.mif.vu.lt/rena9048/pullout
•https://track.toggl.com/timer
•https://docs.google.com/document/d/15CoD0h3OXyaZdbXqtpknYM8uIJ2c3-Fqab2k_rp4rJI/edit
•https://www.overleaf.com/project/6516941b63b5a092374460fe

Next meeting:
•10/05/2023 1:30PM (Thursday)
•3nd floor
