Meeting was 10/05/2023 at 12 AM

Attended:
everyone 
(4/4)

Topics:
•Overviewing presentation comments.
•Lack of work input


Decisions: 
•Oleksii is 1st presenter 
•Joris is 1st reviewe What we 
agreed on? •Put more work into project.

Homework:
•Put MORE WORK - everyone 
•Download tesseract and try to use it -  Severyn & Oleksii  
•Prepare slides for the presentation Oleksii (until Tuesday)

Material meetings:
•https://git.mif.vu.lt/rena9048/pullout
•https://track.toggl.com/timer
•https://docs.google.com/document/d/15CoD0h3OXyaZdbXqtpknYM8uIJ2c3-Fqab2k_rp4rJI/edit
•https://www.overleaf.com/project/6516941b63b5a092374460fe

Next meeting:
•10/10/2023 12:00 AM (Thursday)
•3nd floor 
